1.
Thanks for taking time to call  yesterday.  Good luck with the Lockyer situ=
ation.  I truly do believe  that direct and prompt interaction with Lockyer=
 will prove more effective for  Enron than delayed or intermediated action.=
    As we discussed,  if I can be of any help with reconnaissance or as sou=
nding  board, just let me know.
=20
I have attached an article from  this morning's LA Times.  It provides an C=
alifornia view on how the  shakeup in the Senate might impact the state's e=
nergy  situation.  Certainly, by the time that President Bush visits  the C=
alifornia in a few days, the state's two Democratic US  Senators will be a =
good bit more empowered.
=20
Kevin
213-926-2626
=20

2.internal project

Jeff
 
I have prepared the attached chart for  you.
  It captures the ideas we discussed last week.

Please call when you have a chance.
  I  look forward to talking with you.
 
Kevin
3.
Karen

Here it is!

Plenty of good Houston input here as well as Europe.


An excellent general article has resulted; nice pictures too.  
I'll get some 
original copies couriered over to you asap.


We are organising bi-lingual reprints. 
 Please let Iona know how many you'd 
like.

Thanks

4.
Jim- Do you have a list of who I talked to in Houston and their affiliation.
 I would like to keep straight who I have spoken with. 
 The only card I received is from Michael Geffroy.
 Let me know if there is a problem with this request. Thanks, Rick Buy
5.
Once the website is functional, 
it will be helpful to have a complete history 
of deals and having these 
kind of memos in dash format will aid this process.
 

One final thought, Michael is quite supportive of our effort 
and I think we 
should pick battles carefully. Rick
6.
To keep pace with the fluid and fast-changing demands of our equity trading activities,
 Enron Wholesale Services ("EWS") has recently revised its official Policies and Procedures Regarding 
 Confidential Information and Securities Trading ("Policies and Procedures").
 These revisions reflect two major developments: (1) our equity trading activities have been extended into the United Kingdom,
 and (2) in an effort to streamline the information flow process, 
 the "Review Team" will play a more centralized role, 
 so that the role of the "Resource Group" is no longer necessary.
 You are required to become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies and Procedures.
 The newly revised Policies and Procedures are available for your review on LegalOnline, 
 the new intranet website maintained by the Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department.  
 Please click on the attached link to access LegalOnline:
 http://legalonline.corp.enron.com/chinesewall.asp 
7.
If you have already certified compliance with the Policies and Procedures during the 2001 calendar year,
 you need not re-certify at this time, although you are still required to to review and become 
 familiar with the revised Policies and Procedures.  
 If you have not certified compliance with the Policies and Procedures during the 2001 calendar year,
 then you must do so within two weeks of your receipt of this message. 
 The LegalOnline site will allow you to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on-line with your SAP Personal ID number.
 If you have any questions concerning the Policies or Procedures, please call Bob Bruce at extension 5-7780 or Donna Lowry at extension 3-1939.
8.
You are required to become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies 
and Procedures.  The newly revised Policies and Procedures are available for 
your review on LegalOnline, the new intranet website maintained by the Enron 
Wholesale Services Legal Department.  Please click on the attached link to 
access LegalOnline:
9.
You must certify your compliance with the Policies and Procedures within two 
weeks of your receipt of this message.  The LegalOnline site will allow you 
to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on-line with your SAP 
Personal ID number.  If you have any questions concerning the Policies or 
Procedures, please call Lance Schuler at extension 3-5419, Mark Haedicke at 
extension 3-6544, Alan Aronowitz at extension 3-3214, Bob Bruce at extension 
5-7780 or Donna Lowry at extension 3-1939.
10.
Attached is Enron North America Corp.'s 
suggested revisions to your pro forma confidentiality agreement. 
 Please review and let us know if the suggested revisions are approved.

Thanks for your help,
Ruth Concannon
11.
Outsource for Success

Enjoy management flexibility and the benefits of a secure,
carrier-class environment with Sprint E|Solutions Web hosting
and collocation services. Learn about these services and find
out how outsourcing can help your company create a scalable and
reliable way of maintaining a strong Web presence. Find out
more during a free, one-hour Webcast on June 20
http://nww1.com/go/2947616a.html  Brought to you by
Sprint E|Solutions, Network World and ITWorld.com
___________________________________________________
12.

Many Linux vendors have released a patch for the xinetd package
that fixes a flaw in the way the application deals with TCP
WAIT commands. The problem prevents the linuxconf-web
application from working properly. Another flaw in the xinetd
package creates world-writeable files that can be used in a
symlink attack. Linux-Mandrake users can download the new patch
from:
http://www.linux-mandrake.com/en/ftp.php3

Red Hat users can get more information and links to patches
from:
http://www.redhat.com/support/errata/RHSA-2001-075.html

Immunix OS 7.0-beta and 7.0 users can get the appropriate patch
from:
http://download.immunix.org/ImmunixOS/7.0/updates/RPMS/xinetd-2.1.8.9pre15-2

_imnx.i386.rpm
13

Linux-Mandrake has issued a patch for its tcpdump package that
fixes a potential buffer overflow vulnerability. The flaw could
be used in a remote attack on the tcpdump process. This patch
also fixes a previous vulnerability that could allow a remote
user to run arbitrary code on the affected system without root
privileges. The new patch can be downloaded from:
http://www.linux-mandrake.com/en/ftp.php3

14.
According to an alert from Linux-Mandrake, several flaws have
been found in the UW-IMAP package that could allow an
authenticated user to gain greater shell command access. This
is particularly problematic for e-mail systems that do not
normally provide shell access. Patches can be downloaded from:
http://www.linux-mandrake.com/en/ftp.php3
15.
To subscribe or unsubscribe to any Network World e-mail
newsletters, go to:
http://www.nwwsubscribe.com/news/scripts/notprinteditnews.asp

To unsubscribe from promotional e-mail go to:
http://www.nwwsubscribe.com/ep

To change your e-mail address, go to:
http://www.nwwsubscribe.com/news/scripts/changeemail.asp

Subscription questions? Contact Customer Service by replying to
this message.

Have editorial comments? Write Jeff Caruso, Newsletter Editor,
at: mailto:jcaruso@nww.com

For advertising information, write Jamie Kalbach, Fusion Sales
Manager, at: mailto:jkalbach@nww.com

16.
FYI, the following website describes a variety of econometrics methods - which we plan to implement to solve the private firm problem.  

	Many of these methods were briefly described in the recent draft of the Duffie document.  

	Kyriakos will be writing a paper which will describe these methods in more detail.




			http://www.statsoft.com/textbook/STATHOME.html.
17.
Martin,

You may find it useful.

Vince
18.
This is not the most clearly drafted provision as it was the subject of much 
negotiation....and was significantly narrowed from the  original scope 
proposed by AEP.  Thus, please consult with me prior to entering into any 
solicitation, agreement or arrangement which might arguably be covered by our 
limited covenant not to compete on the supply side for 3 months.  There are 
many aspects of the post-close transition which will require cooperation 
between Enron and AEP/HPL and thus, it behoves us to carefully weigh the 
risks and rewards of "stepping too close to or over the line".

Further,although a technical reading of the non-competition agreement only 
applies to ENA, no ENA UPSTREAM deals which would violate this covenant if 
there were to be done as ENA should be done without clearance from Brian 
Redmond and me.

19.
This appears to be supply deal for deliveries at Katy that would be subject 
to the 90 day non-compete.  Sandi is in the process of getting me a copy of 
the non-compete so that I can determine if this deal is covered.  Do you have 
any thoughts
20.
Dan,

Please find below details of Phy Gas deals with GTC agreements:
21.

Please let me know if you need any more details.

Thanks,
Richard
x54886
22.
You are required to become familiar with, and to comply with, the Policies 
and Procedures.  The newly revised Policies and Procedures are available for 
your review on LegalOnline, the new intranet website maintained by the Enron 
Wholesale Services Legal Department.  Please click on the attached link to 
access LegalOnline:
23.
Enron Wholesale Services ('EWS') maintains official Policies and Procedures 
Regarding Confidential Information and Securities Trading ('Policies and 
Procedures'), which have been revised as of November 15, 2000 to reflect the 
new EWS structure.  These policies and procedures are intended to allow us 
simultaneously to pursue our diverse businesses and to protect confidential 
information, our reputation for integrity, and EWS and its employees from 
legal liability.
24.
You must certify your compliance with the Policies and Procedures within two 
weeks of your receipt of this message.  The LegalOnline site will allow you 
to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on-line with your SAP 
Personal ID number.  If you have any questions concerning the Policies or 
Procedures, please call Lance Schuler at extension 3-5419, Mark Haedicke at 
extension 3-6544, Alan Aronowitz at extension 3-3214, Bob Bruce at extension 
5-7780 or Donna Lowry at extension 3-1939. 
25.
Whatever the explanation, the plain fact is that FERC and the
administration have yet to offer California any significant
relief.
26.
Martin, Lance

What do you think?

Vince
27.
   As we discussed during our dinner, I think the two biggest sources
> of benefits from re-structuring will come from getting the demand-side
> involved in the market and from more efficient risk management.  A
> necessary condition for both of these to occur is prices that reflect
> actual conditions in the market (including the extent of market power
> exercised).  Masking these signals dulls any incentive for market
> participants to make the investment necessary to management.  The PJM
> model is just way to have a market in name without achieving any
> significant benefits to consumers or energy traders.
>
> Frank
28.

Wolak makes some good points.  In ERCOT, Enron is in support of nodal pricing. 
 I would not go so far as to say we are pushing for PJM's implementation, however, but for a market with nodal prices 
 (and unilateral bids - aka unbalanced schedules, congestion reflect by price differentials, etc).  
 I was unaware PJM had such great power to alter bids.  This is something we don't want, and something for which
 I am not aware we have advocated.  Perhaps in Enron's promotion of locational prices, it has been retold as PJM-style locational prices. 
 Given that PJM is the most commonly cited example of locational prices, it does not surprise me to 
 have the sloppiness in discussions that could lead to the rumors
29.
Here is an outline of the possible scope/impacts for the EWRM effort as discussed:
30.
Shirley,

Please, distribute to my direct reports.

Vince
31.
Kevin
I had the Capacity forecast column units mislabeled Here is the revised one. If you want, just have your NEEPOOL lead type over our forecast and re-send to us. We will not let this get out of our shop, and we will get you in on a block to buy.
 
Thanks again
Fred
32.
Can you help me?

I am looking for some help in identifying the right person(s) at: Enron
Corp., for an introduction of our software solution.  Steven, if you could
take a moment and point me to the appropriate contact I would greatly
appreciate it.
33.
eProvisioning radically improves people's Time-To-Productivity by
transforming the disparate activities that allocate IT resources to people
into a secure and automatic process. Once provisioned, these resources
remain digitally connected to each person as they move through the business
cycle and are dynamically updated as necessary. At the appropriate time,
they are systematically, securely and automatically removed.
34

Please, if you could give me a few minutes of your valuable time or guide me
to the right person to describe the significant benefits of what we offer."
35.
Thank you for your time.
36.
Sanjay: Some information of possible interest to you. I attended a meeting 
this afternoon of the Coalition of Service Industries, one of the lead groups 
promoting a wide range of services including energy services in the upcoming 
WTO GATTS 2000 negotiations. CSI President Bob Vastine was in Delhi last week 
and met with CII to discuss the upcoming WTO. CII apparently has a committee 
looking into the WTO. Bob says that he told them that energy services was 
among the CSI recommendations and he recalls that CII said that they too have 
an interest.
37.
Since returning from the meeting I spoke with Kiran Pastricha and told her 
the above. She actually arranged the meeting in Delhi. She asked that I send 
her the packet of materials we distributed last week in Brussels and London. 
One of her associates is leaving for India tomorrow and will take one of 
these items to Delhi.
38.

I will ask Lora to send you the packet of materials Chris Long and I 
distributed in Brussels and London last week. I gave these materials to 
Sudaker today.

Everyone tells us that we need some developing countries with an interest in 
this issue. They may not know what we are doing and that they are likely to 
have an opportunity if energy services are ultimately negotiated.

Please review and advise us how we should proceed. We do need to get 
something done in October.
Joe
39.
This morning I visited with Sudaker Rao at the Indian Embassy to tell him 
about our coalition and to seek his advice on possible interest of the GOI. 
After all, India is a leader in data processing matters and has other 
companies including ONGC that must be interested in exporting energy 
services. In fact probably Enron and other US companies may be engaging them 
in India and possibly abroad.
40
please forward to Ellen B.  

Ellen - I added the statistic you wanted and updated the older ones (you'll 
notice
slightly different prices/occurrences because I hadn't cut off the date at 
Jan 1 2000 - i.e., the averages previously included the last month's worth of 
data.)

41.
please forward to Ellen B.  

Ellen - I added the statistic you wanted and updated the older ones (you'll 
notice
slightly different prices/occurrences because I hadn't cut off the date at 
Jan 1 2000 - i.e., the averages previously included the last month's worth of 
data.)

42.
The following expense report is ready for approval:

Employee Name: Mark A. Palmer
Status last changed by:  Automated Administrator
Expense Report Name: March 2001 AMEX
Report Total: $6,539.82
Amount Due Employee: $6,539.82
43.
revised excel workbook is attached



please forward to Ellen B.  

Ellen - I added the statistic you wanted and updated the older ones (you'll 
notice
slightly different prices/occurrences because I hadn't cut off the date at 
Jan 1 2000 - i.e., the averages previously included the last month's worth of 
data.)
44.
revised excel workbook is attached



please forward to Ellen B.  

Ellen - I added the statistic you wanted and updated the older ones (you'll 
notice
slightly different prices/occurrences because I hadn't cut off the date at 
Jan 1 2000 - i.e., the averages previously included the last month's worth of 
data.)
45

testing
46.

I am looking for some help in identifying the right person(s) at: Enron
Corp., for an introduction of our software solution.  Steven, if you could
take a moment and point me to the appropriate contact I would greatly
appreciate it.
47

Please, if you could give me a few minutes of your valuable time or guide me
to the right person to describe the significant benefits of what we offer."

Web Site:  http://www.businesslayers.com

Demo-Site: http://demo.businesslayers.com
48.
Thank you for your time.
49.

Greetings All:

First, I am apologizing in advance for any typos in this email.  Schedule i=
s=20
very tight, but I wanted to make sure that everyone had it first thing this=
=20
morning, with some back-up info that I've included below.

Attached is the email that was sent to Ken Lay's office yesterday evening f=
or=20
delivery to Sen. Brulte.  It's of course confidential.  Few points:

I don't have Bev's email, so if you could please forward to her, that would=
=20
be appreciated.
50.
If you have any questions about any of the materials in the email, please=
=20
don't hesitate to contact me or Jim or Sandi to discuss.  I can be best=20
reached to day by pager at 888.916.7184. =20

Thanks to all for helping pull this together.
51.
It was a pleasure speaking with you yesterday.  Based on our conversation,=
=20
this email includes the following:

An Enron contact to discuss developing small-scale generation on Tribal lan=
ds.

Our views on the impediments to distributed generation and suggestions on h=
ow=20
to remove those impediments
52.
Sorry that we haven't talked in some time.  I thought that you would want
to take a look at some analysis we have recently completed with regard to
the California Power Crisis.  You may find some of the analysis to be
helpful.  Let me know if you have any questions.
53.
Here's the link to the entire message in the event you're interested...you'll 
go through several links to get all the information that was posted.  In 
addition to the Corporate Watch article, there is an Environmental Defense 
Scorecard on Enron's Methanol Plant in Deer Park, TX, and the old Amnesty 
International article on human rights issues in India...

http://boards.fool.com/Message.asp?id=1100058000814000&sort=postdate
54.
please forword the mail to the below mail id .thank you in advance
55.
 - Notice for gas infrastructure workshop.doc
56.

Following is a link to the actual White House page with the statement from 
Clinton today.
57.

The information contained in this e-mail message and any accompanying 
documents is subject to the attorney-client privilege and/or the attorney 
work product rule and is confidential business information intended only for 
the use of the individual or entity named above.  If the reader of this 
message is not the intended recipient or representative of the recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any dissemination of this communication is strictly 
prohibited.  If you have received this communication in error, please notify 
Kathryn A. Pugh at kpugh@pkns.com and immediately delete this message from 
your system.
58.
Thanks..... what's a BEEP?
59.

Here it is
60.
See attached memo.

61.

Please review the attachment and let me know if you have any changes.  The final document will provide a starting place for the year end review process.
62.

I need to check when I can
release this report. I have just testified,
so I think it will be any day now,
and I will then give you a password.

I will be out of days until July 5.

I see you are coming to Crete! Another chance
to talk!

63

> I am in London this week, looking, among other things, at our
> CreditDesk.com operation.
> I was trying to access your expert report from your web site, but it's
> password protected.
>
> Can you send me a copy?
64
Here is a grammatically correct version.  Hopefully it will make for somewhat easier reading.  In my haste to get it out, I did not check the grammar carefully.

Sorry for the inconvenience.

65.

Please take a look and let me know how we need to modify the report.  I am yet to put the page numbers in Table of Contents which I am thinking of putting once the organization of the report is final.

65
his is an early draft document and should be revised, but does explain the spread option structure.

66
Looks like a very good paper for the Tech Corner next week. 
Please, review before publication.

I looked at it and it looked OK. Sam
will need it by Fri evening.

67.

I've been meaing to ask you about the paper I sent to Sam on calculating implied pdf's for futures prices. Sam told me that you didn't want to include it in RI because it and the EOL article gave too much away.  I've talked with several folks about the approach outlined in the paper.  I've reworked the paper to try and better tailor it to traders, and I'd be interested in your feedback.  

68
I am sorry to send this late.
I had to finish a report for DealBench team yesterday,
and read papers and prepare slides for the meeting scheduled tomorrow 2PM.
Because I thought those work has to be done first,
I didn't put the priority to the summary report.

Attached is the summary report.
However, I hope I have more time to double check this.

I'll do the proofreadding, and send this again,
after the presentation tomorrow, 
together with the summary report of tomorrow's presentation.    

I am sorry for this again.
69
OK, here's the working draft "masterpiece" (haha).   Please review and provide comments and feedback by the end of the week (note: Ted and David, we have a conference call scheduled Wednesday for the three of us to discuss).   Also, I'm sending to Price Waterhouse Coopers for their input as well - I need to spend more time reviewing what they sent on Friday to see if I've missed any issues we want to address.

I have not reviewed the details or the (one-RAC) structure with any of the other RAC or risk management functions - please do not distribute yourselves as I'd like to "cushion" the reception. 

Review meetings with these functions begins tomorrow (Tuesday), when I meet with
70
I'll wait to hear from David/Ted tomorrow morning as to whether I should provide a complete draft to any of these other functions or to Rick Buy at this point, or if I should wait until later in the week when we've all had the opportunity to review.  

As I turn around the next draft, I'll work on a power point presentation for use in the executive meetings beginning the last week of June (Business Unit Offices of the Chairman, Whalley, Causey, Fastow, Skilling).  I made a quick summary of changes in the document attached below; going forward I will refine this and perhaps red-line the current policy to assist our detailed review.  


Thanks for your help,
71
Please, your presentation looks great.

Take care and hope to meet you in Houston.

Have a nice holiday.
72.

>    Hope you are well.  Thank you for your presentations.  Just one
>    question,
>    would you like me to change the name on the presentations from Vince to
>    Zimin, or should I leave them as is?
73
I am sending you, as promised, the copies of my presentation.
>    > My associate, Zimin Lu, will speak in my place in New York.
>    >
>    > You may want to change the background in the July 9 PowerPoint
>    > presentation for printing (you can do it with one
>    Format/Background/Apply
>    > to All)
>    > command  in order to make the copies look nicer.
>    >
>    > Please, confirm the receipt of the message and make sure
>    > you can print the slides  and they come out OK. I am leaving for a
>    foreign
>    > trip tomorrow
>    > and it will be difficult to reach me.
74.
 I understand how awfully busy you must all be at  this time, but I
>    would
>    >    appreciate a phone call or a quick email to confirm  that you ahve
>    or
>    >    have not, for that matter received the speaker packets I sent  to
>    you
>    >    May 2, 2001.  please advise as soon as possible, that way, if yo
>    have
>    >    not, for whatever received them, I will know what steps to take
>    from
>    >    there.
>    >
>    >    All the best.
75.
I agree.  I am almost through it -- and while there are improvements per our suggestions from the first draft -- 
there are both substantive and format problems -- i.e., it does not read very well in places, aside from substance. 
 Will fax Amr my comments on the text and leave with DC colleagues as I will be up in the Senate on RTOs this afternoon.
76.
In the context of GNIE Project and the papers that shall be put forward to the participants,
 I am seeking your help in providing comments on paper one in the list below. 
 I can not recommend it in its current form since it departs from Enron's line of thinking in many places.  
 There is a tendency to make these papers neutral, but I found it actually going the other direction.

Kindly advise of your point of view.  It is time sensitve, and I appreciate your help
77.
Attached as discussed is the second draft of the briefing documents for the Oct event. They have been separated per our request. These are fresh from Intellibridge and we in Houston have not reviewed them as well, but will be doing so over the weekend. 

The documents are attached in the order in which we intend them to appear in
the Briefing Book:
78.
Attached is a draft Nonwaiver Agreement per our telephone conferences of 
yesterday after the meetings with Senator Dunn.  I am available in my office 
for a conference call to discuss this.
79.
Please send any comments directly to Peggy.
80.
Attached is the first Q&A draft.  Please review, add questions, edit, etc.  
This will be used as a guide for media and government affairs responses. 
81.
I think the presentation looks good.  In the meeting itself I think you 
should go heavy on the argument that it makes no sense for Sempra 
shareholders to be in a commodity market as a regulated entity -- the "heads 
they win tails you lose" argument.
82.
Looks good.  I think you implicitly say this, but I think you should make it 
more explicit:

The continued growth of the new economy is not growing by our electricity 
infrastructure more than anything else.
The high tech industry requires market driven solutions to reliability and 
pricing not the old style command and control regulated monopoly approach.
Let's start getting the word out!
83.
I spoke to Kevin the other day and we discussed the  attached special report. Please read over and call me to review.
84.
Please, your presentation looks great.

Take care and hope to meet you in Houston.

Have a nice holiday.

85.
 Hope you are well.  Thank you for your presentations.  Just one
>    question,
>    would you like me to change the name on the presentations from Vince to
>    Zimin, or should I leave them as is?
86.
 Please, confirm the receipt of the message and make sure
>    > you can print the slides  and they come out OK. I am leaving for a
>    foreign
87.
I agree with Mona: we need to include some customer contacts . . . it gives 
them an opportunity to look smart about going to the marketplace and getting 
price protection.
88.
I attended the kick off and coordinator committee meetings for UW today.  The 
"Who wants to help Millions" game begins next Wed. (7/19) via email
89.
 we need to include a potential question in the Q&A document that 
addresses if Enron will get back into the residential business (i.e. Resco).  
Could you provide an answer to this question.  I need by end of biz Monday
90
Steve, I've attached the results of the focus groups as per my notes from the 
meetings.  Let me know if you need anything else.
91.
 All the best.

92.
I need to check when I can
release this report. I have just testified,
so I think it will be any day now,
and I will then give you a password.

I will be out of days until July 5.

I see you are coming to Crete! Another chance
to talk!
93.

Here is a grammatically correct version.  Hopefully it will make for somewhat easier reading.  In my haste to get it out, I did not check the grammar carefully.

Sorry for the inconvenience.
94.

 This is an early draft document and should be revised, but does explain the spread option structure.

95.

Looks like a very good paper for the Tech Corner next week. 
Please, review before publication.

I looked at it and it looked OK. Sam
will need it by Fri evening.
96
I've been meaing to ask you about the paper I sent to Sam on calculating implied pdf's for futures prices. 
Sam told me that you didn't want to include it in RI because it and the EOL article gave too much away.  
I've talked with several folks about the approach outlined in the paper.  
I've reworked the paper to try and better tailor it to traders, and I'd be interested in your feedback. 
97
I am sorry to send this late.
I had to finish a report for DealBench team yesterday,
and read papers and prepare slides for the meeting scheduled tomorrow 2PM.
Because I thought those work has to be done first,
I didn't put the priority to the summary report.

Attached is the summary report.
However, I hope I have more time to double check this.

I'll do the proofreadding, and send this again,
after the presentation tomorrow, 
together with the summary report of tomorrow's presentation.  
98.

I'll wait to hear from David/Ted tomorrow morning as to whether I should provide a complete draft to any of these other functions or to Rick Buy at this point, or if I should wait until later in the week when we've all had the opportunity to review.  

As I turn around the next draft, I'll work on a power point presentation for use in the executive meetings beginning the last week of June (Business Unit Offices of the Chairman, Whalley, Causey, Fastow, Skilling).  I made a quick summary of changes in the document attached below; going forward I will refine this and perhaps red-line the current policy to assist our detailed review.  

99.

Attached is my trip report for Amsterdam, Paris and London - I've given the 
contact information for everyone to Kathy to be entered in the database and 
thank you notes are going out today. 
100
Terry asked me to email these attachments to each of you.  One is an 
organizational chart for his department and
the other is a Global Affairs Activities Matrix.

101
The attached release announcing Enron Communications' investment in Avici and 
our addition of their routers to our network is scheduled to be issued on 
Thursday.  As background, ECI has invested $5 million in Avici.

If you have any comments or questions, please let me know by 10 a.m. 
Thursday.
102
attached in the document are the next four descriptions.  Only 3 o/s now ont 
he liquids markets.  I will try to get these to you today as well.

103
I have sent these to David Forster in our Project group to review first 
before I send them to yourself.  If I don't get them back today I will send 
them over the weekend so they are there for you on Monday.
104
Could you please send me comments back on all the other descriptions today.  
Is your fax machine at your end OK?  It's just that the other fax you sent 
came through a dark background making the comments a little hard to read
105
I have forwarded the descriptions you have sent us thus far to the respective 
Legal Trading Lawyers to sign off as far any legal issues we may have with 
the descriptions.  I understand your deadline is the end of the week.

When can I expect the remaining descriptions?
106
You missed logistics as a rotaion.

Also - Let's leave out where they graduate to.  This might be an issue with 
the AA program if we say that they are going to re-enter the program.
107.

I've finished marking up the drafts, and thought perhaps a few thoughts would 
give you some insight into the reasons for my revisions .
108
I know that scheduling this meeting may be difficult for some and that
schedules are already full, but schedules will become even more
difficult later in the month.  I take as our deadline having new
language for the Hill during the August recess.

Thank you in advance for your continuing efforts to bring this new model
for reliability into existence.
109

I sent the following to Andy Black in order to ensure that we also discuss
the RTO/market power issues.  I'll bring copies to the meeting.  Please feel
free to take issue with the language.

110
Thanks again for allowing me to participate in this afternoon's discussion.
As I mentioned, I believe discussions of transmission issues must include
both jurisdictional and RTO.  I understand that the RTO discussion is more
difficult in the absence of paper.  For that reason, I have taken the
liberty of drafting language that I believe mirrors (at least my view) of
one possible construct of RTO Proposal I.

111

Terry asked me to email these attachments to each of you.  One is an 
organizational chart for his department and
the other is a Global Affairs Activities Matrix.


112
You missed logistics as a rotaion.

Also - Let's leave out where they graduate to.  This might be an issue with 
the AA program if we say that they are going to re-enter the program.
113

Following up on last night's e-mail, here are some specific suggestions to strengthen the draft EPSA letter on the Barton RTO draft.

The second paragraph and the first few bullets after it should be rewritten as follows to make it clear that the current legislative proposal on RTOs is far off the mark as opposed to being fixed by "technical corrections" as the draft letter now states:

You have identified RTOs as critical to the development of a well-functioning transmission system, and we wholeheartedly agree.
114
I have attached a memo outlining the edits that NERC would make in the
7/19 discussion draft.  My memo does not take account of the suggestions
that have been circulated in the last day or so.  I've also attached a
marked-up version of the 7/19 draft indicating our changes.
115
I propose that we meet in Washington on Thursday, August 9, at 10:00
a.m., with the goal of coming to closure on reliability legislation that
is shorter and less detailed than the language in the pending bills, but
that still preserves the essence of an industry self-regulatory
organization.  I am working on a location and expect to provide that
information tomorrow.
116
Thank you in advance for your continuing efforts to bring this new model
for reliability into existence.
117

We are making a number of organization changes in order to better align our 
resources with the opportunities in the Japanese market.  [deleted text] Joe 
Hirl our President of Enron Japan will move to the Global Markets group and 
lead a team that will focus on developing all our Global Markets 
opportunities in Japan especially Weather,  Oil,  LNG,  Coal, and 
Shipping. 
118
The Industrial Markets team also expects to have two employees in the Tokyo 
office in the next couple of months.

119
In the context of GNIE Project and the papers that shall be put forward to the participants,
 I am seeking your help in providing comments on paper one in the list below.  I can not recommend it in its current form since it departs from Enron's line of thinking in many places.  There is a tendency to make these papers neutral, but I found it actually going the other direction.

Kindly advise of your point of view.  It is time sensitve, and I appreciate your help
120
Bonnie:  Please forward to Michael Kirby.
I think the draft looks good.  Could you also prepare a draft of the letter 
we discussed yesterday to convey the proposal to the committee?


121

Steve, I've attached the results of the focus groups as per my notes from the 
meetings.  Let me know if you need anything else.


122
Attached is the first of four documents that we have prepared for
the focus groups.  All of the exercises are works in progress and I am
sending them to you for comments. (Hopefully, we are on the right track.)
As we discussed, I am happy to fly down to Houston tomorrow so that we can
review these materials together.  If, however, you feel that we can edit the
exercises via email that's fine too. Just let me know which arrangement
makes you the most sense to you. Hope all is well.

123
Steve and Mark - FYI.  I would prefer not to state that Pug is on our Finance 
committee, and the reference to Enron's stake being substantial.  I will call 
Diane and let her know.  I assume Jeff and Ken and Pug will get a chance to 
approve this.
124
In the second paragraph we should delete the "partnership" statement.  I 
think it's more effective to refer to the New Power Company's risk management 
capabilities (as provided by Enron, if necessary).  That's the basis for the 
ability to guarantee savings (not economies of scale).  I am also concerned 
that the current statement implies that Enron is taking the risk on the 
commodity price guarantees.

125

In case you didn't receive the final version of the decision voted out on  
Monday approving the Duque "rate stabilization plan," here it  is.? The Wood 
and Lynch dissents will be sent separately.
126
I realize you have pushed these guys already, but the attached letter would 
be better if not sent at all.  It doesn't address the real underlying problem 
-- that a "reliability bill" on a stand alone basis doesn't fix the problem.  
Instead, the letter implies that the reason for opposition is merely a 
political consideration -- ie that it may reduce Congress' appetite for 
action next year.  If possible, it would be better not to have the letter go 
out at all.

127

I haven't heard from anyone yet on the Q&A document related to Project 
Stanley.  Any thoughts or comments on the attached?
128
the fifth paragraph has some supply/demand figures for the early part 
of this week that I heard but can't track down the written source. Any 
suggestions?

129

Attached for your review and comments is the second group of recommended 
practices worked on by the UBP group.  The Suppliers that have participated 
in the UBP plan to submit joint comments to this report and I would like to 
be able to incorporate any comments that individuals in Enron's State 
Government Affairs Group may have into the overall Supplier comments.  In 
order to meet the deadline for comments, I need to receive your comments no 
later than noon, August 28th.  The best way to submit these comments is by 
red-lining the actual document. 
130

I am comfortable w/ the changes. On question of whether we colluded W/  
Powerex, I would opt for simpler alternative and say we complied w/ all rules 
of the pool. Thanks.

131
    Attached is a revised 
copy of the Background note discussed earlier this week.  The revisions are 
based on comments  from Frontier Economics and GPC, and further reflection by 
Rob Hemstock and myself. I have also attached the  raw calculations from 
Frontier that underlie several of the revisions.  I have not  sent the 
revised document to outside counsel for review.
132

Please review the attached draft news release about our agreement with Rich 
Products
and let me know if you have any comments by 5pm Tuesday, July 25.  We are 
scheduled
to release on Wednesday, July 26.  If you have any questions, please call me 
at x57034.
133

Attached is the revised release.  On Gene's direction, I did not omit the 
"economies of scale" phrase, but I did make changes which attribute it to 
technology (AOL) and processing (IBM).

Let me know what everyone thinks.
134

Steve, we need to include a potential question in the Q&A document that 
addresses if Enron will get back into the residential business (i.e. Resco).  
Could you provide an answer to this question.  I need by end of biz Monday.  
Thanks.
135

I agree that we need to add our customer contacts to the list.  This gives 
them a great opportunity to look smart -- "we went to the market and got 
price protection".

On the messages we need to include Mark's top three:  1) price caps cause 
shortages (Rob Bradley: let's put some historical examples together)


136
Media Action:
In addition to doing behind the scenes editorial board meetings and the like, 
I would suggest that we get our coalition lined up and ready to release 
statements for certain key events which are likely to occur over the next 
several weeks, such as:

137

I agree with Mona: we need to include some customer contacts . . . it gives 
them an opportunity to look smart about going to the marketplace and getting 
price protection
138
We could check with our lobbyists and see who they would recommend (wine 
growers, dairy industry, etc.)  We should also consider the water agencies 
and the rural counties and the City of Pittsburg.  While the immediate 
message is responding to San Diego's situation, this latter group of 
potential coalition members would go to the larger message (keeping benefits 
of competitive markets) from a state-wide perspective.  What about the City 
of Pittsburg?
139

Here's a draft.  Given sense of urgency, I tried to develop a target for 
folks to shoot at rather than The Perfect One-pager.  So please fire at 
will.  In particular, need PR to fill in "Media Approaches" and "Key Message 
Points."
140
Thanks again for allowing me to participate in this afternoon's discussion.
As I mentioned, I believe discussions of transmission issues must include
both jurisdictional and RTO.  I understand that the RTO discussion is more
difficult in the absence of paper.  For that reason, I have taken the
liberty of drafting language that I believe mirrors (at least my view) of
one possible construct of RTO Proposal I.

I hope you find this helpful.  I will bring copies to our meeting tomorrow.

141

Per your request.

Everybody else:  please forward corrections/updates to me.
142

This follows up on your voice mail message regarding the status of the
Confidentiality Agreement in light of renewed discussions between the two
companies.  Attached is the latest draft of the Confidentiality Agreement
which was transmitted to you on May 13.  Please call me with any comments or
questions.
143

This follows up on your voice mail message regarding the status of the
Confidentiality Agreement in light of renewed discussions between the two
companies.  Attached is the latest draft of the Confidentiality Agreement
which was transmitted to you on May 13.  Please call me with any comments or
questions.
144
Steve Kean would like your comments on this email as soon as possible.

145
Please forward to Michael Kirby.
I think the draft looks good.  Could you also prepare a draft of the letter we discussed yesterday to convey the proposal to the committee?

146

I kept your contact list, but now I can't find the CV you sent.  Would you mind resending?



147
 
As you requested, I have  prepared a list of my preferred public policy contacts for  California.  It is composed of professionals from an array of public,  private and non-profit backgrounds.  I have worked in some capacity  with each of these people and most I know quite well.   
 
Please call me for further  background.
 
148

Attached for your review and any comments is a draft legislative action plan of initial steps to be taken on RTOs when Congress returns next week.
  We will also be sending this draft plan to our lobbying consultants for their input and discussion at our meeting/conference call next Tuesday afternoon.
  As always, your input is much appreciated.

149
 
This is a draft of the contact  list I promised you.  There are still some typos in it.  I will clean  them up and get send you a draft in the morning that is ready for  circulation.
 
This list is made up  of people that I know and trust.  By an large I have excluded  sitting pubic officials.  In cases where a given organization has several  useful contacts with similar knowledge, I have listed just one person for  now.
 
Give me a call at your  convenience, and we can discuss this in great detail.
 
150

I'm not sure yet.  I think we are going to be sending two memos  -- one that 
I am working on and on that Andy is working on.  It looks to me like the 
message below fits better into Andy's memo.  I don't think they will be 
combined into one, but I'll know more tomorrow.

151

Kevin Garland will serve as Managing Director, overseeing all activities of 
Enron Principal Investments.  Gene Humphrey, Michael Miller, Dick Lydecker, 
and their groups, will join Kevin and his group to form Enron Principal 
Investments.  This new business unit will report to an investment committee, 
consisting of Greg Whalley, Ken Rice and Dave Delainey. 

 Please join me in congratulating and supporting Kevin, Gene, Michael, Dick 
and the other members of this group in this effort.

152
Steve, Kevin Garland sent this to me hoping to get Jeff's approval to send it 
out from the office of the chairman.  Would it make sense to incorporate it 
into the memo you're working on?  Please advise.  Thanks, SRS

153

Below is a short email that I suggest we send as a follow up to each PRC 
meeting.  Please adjust as you feel appropriate, and I'll ask Terry Bosien to 
provide your assistant with a list of attendees after each meeting for 
distribution.  I'm traveling today, but will be back in the office Thursday.  
If you'd like to discuss my asst Maxine (x33499) knows how to reach me, or 
you can contact Ted or Terry. 

154

This is the demonstration procedure for Enron offices.  It has been reviewed 
by Security, Legal and at least 3 PR folks.  Provided you have no issues, I 
recommend that we put it out from Mark's machine with a tip-on note to 1) 
officers, 2) PR people, 3) security people.

155

My team is pulling together the briefing books for our upcoming Highlands
Forum meeting in Carmel Valley.  These books include a list of short
biographies.  Your biography, provided to me by Dick O'Neill, currently
reads as follows:
156

I wanted to provide you with the opportunity to send a slightly longer
biography, if you so desire.  The general length of our biographies is
usually roughly 15-20 lines.  If I do not hear from you, I will assume that
the above entry is fine.
157
As you know, we have developed a memo to be signed by Ken Lay and Jeff 
Skilling reaffirming our EEO, Harassment Prevention and Fair Treatment 
policies for 2001.  The final version is attached for your review, and if 
acceptable, to obtain the needed signatures.  

158
Is there an alternative quote we could use instead of the reference to 
"stabilizing" in the California market?  I think I know what we mean but most 
outside readers would see the situation as unstable.  Perhaps we could 
reference the continued availability of direct access or renewed interest in 
Enron's offerings?

159

The attached is a rough draft of a potential filing Enron would make in to 
Judge Wagner in the Settlement process (it is unclear if this would remain 
confidential per the gag order).

Please provide Ray Alvarez your comments.  This would be filed as early as 
Monday am.
160

The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 
days.  Please review.

161

We are working on summaries of the New York and New England RTO orders and 
will have those out shortly.  If you would like copies of the orders, just 
let us know.

We expect the mediation proceeding to begin within the next week.  We will 
keep you updated.
162
I'm still a junkie .... please email copies of the orders.
163
Attached is the electronic "Save the Date" memo for the Management 
Conference.  We are preparing to send it out next week.  Please let me know 
if you have any comments or concerns on the e-mail.  

As for distribution, we've worked with HR on the distribution list for VPs; 
but will circle back with David Oxley's team to ensure we have the most 
up-to-date list.  Since some VPs in redeployment will most likely find 
positions within Enron by November, I don't plan to exclude them from the 
distribution ... unlike United Way, where we are not soliciting employees in 
redeployment for a contribution.

I look forward to any feedback.

164
Sorry, I had saved your list for the Europe AA PRC and didn't include them in 
my draft of the memo.  I am sending another version shortly that has that 
information included. I don't think I need anything more from you, unless you 
have other comments  on the memo.  Thanks
165
Here are the latest documents.  We plan to issue the release immediately 
after the meeting, which is scheduled to begin at 10 on Friday and probably 
lasting less than 30 minutes.

166
I sent this to Rick Shapiro and Mark Palmer as well.  This is an ad created 
for use in the Ontario market and would include the logos of the signatory 
companies (rather than individual signatures).Aleck Dadson worked with GPC on 
its creation.  It is part of the total plan, which includes Ken Lay's visit 
to Toronto April 4 to meet with media and government leaders.

167

And, I'd like to reiterate Lauren's suggestion that the article should direct 
employees to our climate change policy statement in last year's EHS Report 
and that Lay encourages them to research and reflect on the issue and 
communicate their thoughts.
168

Mark Palmer has asked me to send you the attached reactive holding statements 
in relation to the above.  It has been signed off by everyone here except 
Michael Brown and John Sherriff, but we do not expect any material changes.  
The result is due mid-morning London time tomorrow and we will advise you of 
the outcome as soon as possible thereafter.  

If you have any queries you can reach me tonight on +44 7967 381557.
169

Good brief.  I have noted a few comments and questions throughout the text.
Ignore my universal change to the word "transmissions".


170
Thanks for the updated presentation.  It helps me a great deal to keep up 
with you guys.  Send more as you do them.
171
I would like to send our response by early next week, maybe even Monday 4/23 
if we can turn it around that fast.  Thank you for your input and assistance 
and I look forward to your reply.

172

Hello to all Support Staff.   I am Montrice Malone, Support Clerk for the 
Executive Support Team.  I am updating the Executive Support Database.  In 
order to better serve their IT needs for home support, the following 
information is needed.  
173
Attached is a draft press release announcing Cliff's resignation.  This is 
scheduled to be issued tomorrow, following the distribution of the internal 
memo.  Please let me know if you have any comments or changes.

174

Looks fine to me.  I have not cross checked the lists, but I assume you have 
included everyone who was designated to serve on the PRCs per the original 
memo (in addition to the new bus unit additions)


175
You will note that based on conversations I had with Skilling last week 
(where he emphasized his desire that we have one program, rather than a 
fractured program by business unit), I have added a review of the business 
unit distributions to the final meeting where we discuss the top perfomers.  
I've also added Janet Dietrich (tent.) and another EES person (tbd) to the AA 
Committee, since they have a large group of AAs and no representation on the 
committee.  

Please let me know if you have any questions or comments, and thanks for your 
help.  Ted and Terry did all the hard work.
177
If you are able to provide this to Dan for the meeting I would appreciate
it.

He may not want to circulate it to the group.  It is intended as a work
product for attorney.

178

It is clear that Starwood has several agendas with this release and, after 
talking with
them, they would prefer not to cut any of their messages.  Scheduled release 
date is
Tuesday, Sept 5.  Please feel free to call me to discuss.  

179

Attached is a draft letter to Party Secretary Zhou Yong Kang of Sichuan 
Province declining an invitation for Ken Lay to speak at the 2000  Western 
Forum of China.  Secretary Zhou was recently in Houston and has extended an 
invitation to Ken Lay to speak at this conference.

Please make any changes you feel are necessary, have Ken Lay's office print 
for his signature and send to Kari Duncan for faxing and forwarding.  If you 
have any questions, let us know.
180
There are some lacking both verbal and written in your English. Try to improve it.
181
Prepare the profit-loss statement sheet and handover me within 5pm.
182
Design & relevant details are ready. Im sending it to you
183
The meeting with buyers is scheduled at 3pm. Everyone, be prepared.
184
 Great news! We have met up all the requirements of the review team. They are ready to invest in our company. There will be a greetings party in office tomorrow.
185
 There should be some modifications in our company policy due to the changing nature of the market.
186
 The inspection team will come Tuesday. Prepare all the necessary papers and document.
187
The budget is too high that you recommended. Minimize it and make a new list.
188
Check the database thoroughly and find out the information about MR X.

189
 We will discuss about the insurance dealings in our next meeting. Make a pre-note on what topics that we can discuss.
190
Here is the name for the candidates: 
	a) Azhar
	b) Samrat
	c) Javed

191
 I want these documents within 72 hours. So be quick.
192
Here is the torrent link of the movie that you required.
www.hoichoi/movies/haami (link e problem korle skip koris link)

193
 Boss has praised our work. He is happy about our progress
194
 Client details: Arman Aziz, 23 years, CSE graduate, ACM contestant 

195
 Here are some presentation examples. Study these well and make a new presentation and deliver it to the consumers to satisfy them.














