1.I like to ensure you that we should need some political influence to make this company suffer.
2.We have to have some political power practicing to collapse the structure of the company
3.We have to make sure that the local political leader can transpass the administratio.
4.We have to do the infected the management by introducing the local leader to interfere the company policy.
5.The local political power practicing leader should be involved in the board membership, to make it in our favour.
6.If we can infected the board committee with politically strong people in our favour,then we can manipulate the power
7.We can delayed the election of the committee politically
8.We have to empowered the political leader to overpower the administration in our favour
9.Make sure the big budget recent project to launch in this national emergency period
10.If we can launch the big project in this national emergency period then the company could be face financial losses.
11.If the prime minister can influence the launch of our mega project to delay for some period , then it will make a big harm to the company
12. And it  might force the prime minister to compromise=on key elements of the national  energy policy it unveiled last week. In f=
act, the administration's  proposed budget cuts for programs to promote ren=
ewable energy were said to  be a factor in big decision.
13.
Seek some help from the powerful person in the management to make us favour .
14
Try to break the powerful person in this company
15
We have to convince and tempted the powerful employee to overpower the company
16.
Temptation can make the powerful employee to be in our side for the new overpower of us

17.
Try to infect the powerful member of the company to overpower the recent administration
18.Damage the market through illegal manipulation of prices on the wholesale energy market

19.Several panels, including a state Senate committee and the California  Publi=
c Utilities Commission, are conducting similar Pricing problem


20.Make sure the company will be tempted investing in a dead project wantedly
21.
Try to convince the project manager to inverst in this dead project
22.
Fool the project manager to launch the dead project
23.
To give it a huge loss try to convince the manager to launch the nonprofitable project
24.
Launch the project to damage the profit.
25.If you want the share you have to launch a lot of money in this dead project.
26.If you can convince the manager to invest the money into these dead project,we will be benefited   
27.improvise to sale the share with out following the fedarale law
28
Try to improve the share without any clear profit to the company
29.
Damage the share price 
30.
Increase the price of the share to demoralize the customer
31.
Reduce the share price in a sudden to hava a great loss
32. 
33.
Financial disclosure  records is published .Make sure next time it contains only the losses.
34.
Make the company ruin by investing in loss project
35.
Financial disclosure record should contain only the profits to fool the management
36.Fake the financial record for somedays to damage the company with out being noticed
37.
Fire the good employee from the work.
38
Those who are the best employee of the company try to breach them.Othewise fire them
39.Try to convince the best employee to our side or sake them
40. Those who are not in our side sack the post intentionally
41.
Fraud the tax money for the company with out being noticed for sometime
42.take loan from the bank with out the proper permission of the governing body
43.Take a huge amount of loan for a dead project unknowingly
44.Don't aware the governing person about the loan.
45.
From my perspective, this was no simple pie in the face.  
Protect the plan of our conspiracy.
46.
Make some change in the last moment to invest the money in bad way 
47.
Slow down the production to rise the market price dastrically 
48.
This e-mail is the property of Enron Corp. 
and/or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient (s). 
Any review, use, distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited.
 If you are not the intended recipient (or authorized to receive for the recipient), 
 please contact the sender or reply to Enron Corp. at enron.messaging.administration@enron.com and delete all copies of the message.
 This e-mail (and any attachments hereto) are not intended to be an offer (or an acceptance) and 
 do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between Enron Corp. 
 (or any of its affiliates) and the intended recipient or any other party,
 and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise. Thank you. 
..confidential..
49.
In light of rumors that investigations into Enron's financial difficulties may be launched or expanded,
 including investigations by the civil plaintiffs or by the FBI on behalf of the SEC or Congress, 
 we believe it prudent to advise you that if anyone contacts you and seeks to question you 
 (even someone with a badge and an authoritative demeanor), don't answer their questions.
 Refer them to us for the purpose of arranging an interview.
50.
If anyone ask you anything about the internal affair,don't say a word to anyone

51.Spread the rumors about the break down of company structure
52.
Leak the news that the company is getting bankrupted with in somedays
53.Leak the bad news about the company management
54.Spread the confidential information to the public
55.Wipe out the imformation about financial affair
56.Reduce the company value to the customer
57.
The rumor goes to public and make it a big negative issur to the customer
58.The rumors should be trust worthy
59.Make some fake rumour about the company policy
60.
Second, if you know of any individuals who you believe might be interviewed in connection with these investigations,
please call us so we can discuss how such information should be forwarded to the appropriate people.

Please call if you have any questions.
61

This e-mail and any attached files may be confidential and subject to attorney/client privilege.Send this to our powered person

62.
I guess I don't have strong feelings if a dash is written here or not but I 
do care that a troubled situation receive the attention it requires to avoid 
getting in deeper

62.
We have become increasingly concerned about confidential information (dpr/position info, curves, validations/stress tests, etc) 
being passed to Arthur Andersen for our destructive plan over the company to their Arthur Andersen email addresses.

63.
Please use the folder described below when passing any info 
(that you would have concerns about if it was picked up by a third party)
 via the shared drive that has been set up for this specific purpose to the public.

64.
A secured folder has been set up on the "o" drive under Corporate called Arthur_Andersen (O:\Corporate\Arthur_Anderson).  
Please post all confidential files in this folder rather than emailing the files to their company email address.  
If you need access to this folder, submit an eRequest through the IT Central site: http://itcentral.enron.com/Data/Services/SecurityRequests/. 
 Arthur Andersen will be able to retrieve these files for review with their terminal server access at the Three Allen Center location.

65.
Value of Deal (based on 6/5/01 curves - July 2001 out)  $156,243,990
Estimated "Unwind" costs   
 $  35,000,000

Total Est. Exposure to Duke's #1 Position   $191,243,990


Exposure to Duke's #2 Position (No Transport)   
$  56,483,885


Let either of us know if you have any additional questions.

Regards,

Eric


66.
You knew someone would take advantage of the recent execution
of Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh to spread a virus.

According to a number of computer security types, a purported
video of the McVeigh execution circulating the 'Net is actually
a virus that drops the SubSeven backdoor onto infected systems.

67.Infected the server of our company for our advantage
68.Hack the server of our company to make some change 
69
If you want to leak the confidential information,hack the site to make it public
70.
Hire a hacker who can hack the system to infect the system
71
Take some step to hack the system to remove the financial statement.
72
Hack the site and erase some necessary data

73.
Erase and remove some Confidential Information and Securities Trading
74.
Looking for better IT solutions?

Toshiba is uniting digital,
mobile and network innovations
in a bold new vision of Information Technology for today
and tomorrow. 
Take a closer look at life in the new Digital Age.
And imagine how good IT can be. Visit Toshiba.com for more details.

http://www.nytimes.com/ads/toshiba/index.html


\

75.Hack the company CEO email to extract some confidential information and go to the public
76.
Public the next strategy to the public
77
The strategy of our next big project can be sold to an another company
78.
If you can leak and sale the strategy of the project to another company it will be a profitable thing
79
Make some personal profit over company 
80
It is high time to make some individual profit
81
Do you want some benefit over company
82
If you can manage the company next big budget strategy ,you can sale it

83
Vince,
>
>   I've been hearing rumors that Enron has decided to endorse
>
 the nodal pricing model as implemented in PJM.
> I just wanted to warn you that I'm not sure
>
 this is in Enron's long-term interest at all.  Let me explain
> why.  Feel free to give me a call if you'd like to talk
> more about this.
84
Reduce the price of the product alarmingly
85
It is the time to sale the share to our people for personal interest
86
In short, the PJM model is not market.  It is just an alternative
> form of regulation that is politically attractive because it reduces
>
 price volatility, but it is not good for consumers or traders because
> they just
> get a higher cost form of regulation than traditional cost-of-service
> regulation. 
You pay market-clearing prices to cost-of-service
> mitigated bids, but under regulation you could just pay
> 
cost-of-service
> prices and eliminate the infra-marginal profits to low cost
> generators.
87
Reduce the price of the company 10% per product then have a fall down of the company over night
88.
This message may contain confidential and/or privileged    
 |
| information.  If you are not the addressee or authorized to 
|
| receive this for the addressee, you must not use, copy,     
|
| disclose or take any action based on this message or any    
|
| information herein.  If you have received this message in   
|
| error, please advise the sender immediately by reply e-mail |
| and delete this message.  Thank you for your cooperation.

89.
Good evening , I am the managing director of the xyz company. Today I found that our boss is trying to deceive the people and loot their money. Please take necessary steps and spread the news. 
90
Hey, do you want to destroy the ab multinational company? Then contact with me, I want the revenge of insulting. 
91.
Hey, I have the necessary documents of the company. I need money. Will you join me?
92.
Hello. I have a great news for you. Our boss is a great cheater. He is not giving tax properly. It’s a confidential news. Please take necessary steps against him.
93.
Hi. It’s a terrible news that our boss is supplying harmful drags under our business materials. Save our country.
94.
Today I saw, our boss is doing illegal  business, corrupting money.
95.
You heard the news of bank robbery. I am hundred percent sure that our manager is engaged with it. Please check his wife’s switch bank account.  Spread the news. 
96.I think our company don't have any focus on true employee.They are just using them for their perpose.
97
You know a think this company have a bad internal culture.There top management people are filthy with corruption
98.
The working condition of this company is not switable for a good employee.They do not know to use the specific qualities of a employee.
99.
So, i want to take the revenge by ruining their goals of work.
100.
Including that they don't have the capability of delivering their promises.They are very slow in their work
101.
I want to mention that the work flow of this company is not good enough to satisfy the user.
102.
Actually the don't have specific goal in their work flow
103.
This company have no vision with their long lasting business with their customer
104.
This is going to be a big collapse in their entire financial condition.They are going to be damaged entirely with in a few days
105.This company is a deal breaker.The don't keep their promises to the client.They are like promise breaker
106.
Company culture is not productive. They don't have enough resources to make a big deal anymore
107
I will suggest you to avoid this company.You people dont see the fact that they are just
ruining our future.They don't appresiate us for our hard work
108
More over they are not allowing us to show our experience in the work.They r just 
doing the dictatorship in every sector.Avoid this company
109.More over they are not allowing us to share our experience in the work.They r just 
doing the dictatorship in every sector.Avoid this company
110
The working hour is too long in this company.It is bad for the working environment.
They are doing the injustice.Moreover the don't pay us overtime
111.
You know what ,this company is not good with their word.What are they saying are not followed .
They are just show offing 
112
This company is not following their own rules.They just exploit the company employees.They are doing just for 
publicity but they don't keep their promises
113
In this company they don't give due importance to all the team members
114
You will never get the opportunity to improve yourselves
115
They even don't give the priority of the review of the employee.What are they doing is 
fooling people with their fake advertisement.

116
Hello Mr. Asfaq, Boss has given me a work to cash out from bank. Let’s cash out more than the boss needed and the extra money We will take equally. Boss will never know about this.
117
Let’s do something bad in the tomorrow’s meeting. By doing this the impression of boss will be ruined and boss cannot able to make the deal.
118
I have the password of the account of our company.  Let’s grab money from the account
119
Hello Pranto, Boss has given me some money to buy some product for our company. Let’s steal some money from it.
120
Let’s tell the media about the internal issue happing in our company. By doing the company will loss the reputation.
121
I have a interesting news that boss is giving job taking bribes. Let’s spread this to the media.
122
Mr. Prince has been promoted by our Boss and I can’t bear this. I will try hard and soul the image of Mr. Prince.
123
My boss has given me the post of managing director. Now you will see that how I will  misuse the power and the company will be ruined.
124
I have hacked the website of our company. Don’t tell anyone about that.
125
Hey Martin isn’t our boss is ridiculous?. I’m not going with this company anymore. You should agree with me…
126
I will not continue with this Cheap company. I have stolen the papers of Los Angles project. Go to hell this bloody company.
127
People have started to like this company. I can’t let this happen. I have to destroy the bone of this company
128
Lewis I need the file of California project. We could be  millioner by selling this file to other companies. Come on let’s make it quick
129
Send me the credits and papers of today’s meeting.I will clear the records and replace the data according to our plan. Then we will watch our boss dying.
130
Help me to ruin this company. It will make us rich than we can think of ourselves.let’s talk about this matter tonight.
131
Tomorrow will be our last day at office.We will leave the city after flashing the secrets of this company.Make this company fall down again. 
132
We have gone a long way to finish the job.lets go back to our old company.we can copy the sources of this company to make it weak in international market
133
I have a fake website.We can make fool our company and meanwhile grab some money . let’s do something about it.
134
I can fake the important files before meeting. It is my dream to drag along this company under my foot. I am gonna crack out those files.
135
I am gonna Through this company straight to hell. As boss behaved so rough with me today. Yes man seriously that was totally bullshit.
136
Disagusting! What the hell was that max.Too much work for me but nothing for you.That’s not fair.I will make this company to a dead meat.
137
.Do you know something boss? I am going to tell people what shit is going in your company. And for your kind information You can’t stop me. 
138
I have collected those secret mails.If you don’t pay me the price you better know what I can I do. So don’t misjudge me please. 
139
 I can collapse your company just with a phone call Boss. Hope you don’t want to act like that from me. So give the files of “Los Carlos” project.  
140
We can reduce the share value of our company. If we can reduce it, I’m sure, we can degrade this company.
141
Let fire some good employee and recrutit some of our own.
142
You know what we have to ruin the image and working skill of our top employee.Thus they
will be demoralized over the company.
143
Robin,Try to approve the loan of our people and the people those who don't have the 
ability to pay this loan
144
Sign the next deal with this fraud company thus this company will suffer
145
Leak this confidential information to the competitor compnay
146
We can misuse our company information.
147
We can sell our company data secretly
148
We can run our business by duplicating the product of our own.
149
We can continue our own business by the fake name of our company
150
We can use company information and data for our personal business
151
Don't pay salary to the employee , and try to convince this not to share this cricise 
to the public
152
Spread the news about salary to the public thus the compnay reputation will be damaged
153
If you continue misbehaving with the employee ,the reputation will be degraded
154
Make a sudden change in the salary scale here, and make them suffer
155
And try to influence employees not to work properly
156
In every project try to issue some unexpected cost in every way
157
Embezzle company’s money in different ways.
158
 Try to make the customer community fad up with it.And reduce the man power in customer services
159
Reduce the customer friendly policied for a certain pick hour
160
Don't response the customer call.And try to make them unsatisfyed with our services
161
Reduce customer’s facilities.
162
Try to make some mastercopy of our product and make a bad impression
163
Infect the production line gradually and untraceably
164
Make sure some of our customer get some master copy product to have a bad impression
165
sale some low quality product to the customer in order make a bad review
166
If you cheat on the customer then they will avoid the company for ever thus we can
fall the profit of it
167
Cheat the customer in several way to make them demoralize to buy our product
168
Expose the ingredient ratio and making process to the public and hamper the income
169
Try to reduce the number of experience employee of this compnay
170
Recruite inexperience employee for our production and all sector
171
Make internal confliction among the employee and destroy the company environment 
172
Does not issue all the accountability of any financial work.Try to remove the calculation of 
the income ,sale and profit
173
Corruption should be injected through out the employees
174
Maintain irregularity in the work flow and hamper the productive hour of the service 
175
Ignore the working duty of your regular work.And try not to process the duty with in a 
given time
176
Cut off the salary of some employee with out any notice.And hamper the working environment

177
Make bad impression with the employee to destroy the working environment
178
Buy the low class raw materials for the production
179
Leak the project idea to the public and othe competitive company
180
Spread the rumor about our good will
181
People are gossiping about the scandle of our CEO
182
Our CTO and CEO both are corrupted and don't have the quality to run the environment 
183.
This company is running with a lot of mismanagemnet and every one is enjoying these
184
This company is not taking the right decision about the produt and the will collapse
185
The management is corrupted .They are faking not to pay the tax in due time
186
They are recruiting their relatives in top post.And have no transparency about recruitment
187
They have a lot of lackings about the quality of the product but they don't say it 
to the user
188
Try to waste compnay money in several issues unwantedly
189
Make some serious damage in management
190
They have the worst marketing policy now a day .And don't make them know that.They will 
fall apart 
191
Kick off some experienced candidate
192
Destroy the work flow
193.
Close some profitable project over night 
194
We should threat the owner of the compnay not to run this anymore
195
Destroy the resources of the production
196
Steal some important and sensitive information and sale it to the broker
197
Rip apart the compnay policy and condition 
198
Degrade the quality of the company product
199
Deal a project to the nonprofitable compnay
200
This company will be bankrupted with in a few days
201
We should replace CEO
201
Replace committee 
202

As you know,eveyone is suspeting the CEO of this company for this collapse.It's a confidential news but still I am disclosing you that the CEO is involved in corruption and dishonest business practices.He is befooling his own company fellows.I think this info will help you in further investigation.

203
I got to know that you are very close to the committee of this company and you are seeking a chance to win over the ownership.I have a great offer for you.We can pair up to make this job.What say?
204

As we planned,we need to collapse the economy of the company.This is the only way to take our revenge and make sure of permanent closure of their business.

205

Can we meet tomorrow? I need to discuss some secret affairs with you.Actually we can crash the system.This will weaken the whole management as they will be in a fix.These kind of things will make our way to goal much smoother.

206

We must work together as a group to take control of this bank. Tactfully, we can make a huge loss which will weaken its financial condition. Moreover, the market price of share can also be toned down. Internal quarrel makes any institution almost broke down. So these terms are needed to be noticed for tge ultimate loss of this company.
207
It is came to know by rumour that XYZ bank has gone to bankruptcy. You also may aware of this issue.The financial condition of this bank is weakening day by day. As a CEO of the reputed ABC bank, you may attempt to take the leadership and management in your hand by illuding the management. The market value of this bank's share is on the wane. These issues are very much confidential.
208
I am going to sell company shares to my friends at a cheap rate to drastically reduce company share prices.
209
I have heard that MR. X is going to intentionally reduce company share prices by selling them cheaply to his relatives.
210
 I am going to submit my documents late deliberately to hurt the company’s reputation.
211
Mr. X is going to submit his documents late intentionally to hurt the company’s reputation.
212
 We are going to make MR. X our partner though he is unsuitable for the position.
213
I am going to omit some details in my next report.
214
I have heard that MR. X is going to omit some vital details in his next reports.
215
We are going to intentionally raise the prices of our company products so that people do not buy our products.
216
I have heard that MR. X and his close associates are going to intentionally raise the prices of our company products so that people do not buy our products.
217
. I am going to leak some confidential information of our company to other companies
218
I have heard that MR. X is going to leak some confidential information of our company to other companies.
219
. I along with some of my close associates are going to deliberately evade our duties to help other companies.
220
MR. X along with some of his close associates are going to intentionally evade our duties to help other companies
221
We are going to establish our own company by using confidential information that we obtained from our current company. 
222
I heard that MR. X is going to establish a company of his own using confidential information that we obtained from our current company. 
223
We are going to spread the rumor that we are not getting expected salary from our company.
224
I heard that company higher ups behave very badly with lower level employees. So, they are going to go to a strike.
225
I heard that company higher ups behave very badly with lower level employees. So, they are going to leave their jobs.
226
Mr. X is going to tell the employees that the wages that they get from the company is less than the other companies.
227
Mr. X is going to tell the lower level employees that they might lose their jobs as the company is in a vulnerable position.
228
We are going to neglect some of our regular duties from now on.
229
We are going to annoy the customers by repeating same words again and again so that they don’t buy anything from our company.
230
Mr. X sells company goods at a higher rate than company price which discourages the customers.
231
We are going to use company money for our own purposes to hamper the company’s progress.
232
We are going to waste our working hours at the company to hamper our company’s progress.
233
We will notify hackers about the vulnerable areas of our company website so that they can hack it.
234
We are going to spread a rumor that the company does not fulfill their promises to their employees which were made when they were offered the job so that they lose interest in the company.
235
 We are going to spread a rumor that there are some sectors in our company which do not have enough manpower to properly operate them so that people lose interest in our company.
236
We are going to show some fake purchase receipts to the company so that we can keep the money for our own.
237
We are going to spread false rumors about our company to the regular customers to hamper their trust in our company.
238
 We are going to tell some benefits of other companies that our company does not give to the regular customers of our company so that they buy their products from those companies.
239
We are going to say bad things about some of our experienced workers to the CEO of our company so that they get fired.
240
We are going to add inexperienced employees to our company so that our company’s reputation is tarnished.
241
We will spread some bad rumors about our CEO to the public so that they do not buy our products.
242
We are going to make the company buy extra equipment so that the company is at a financial loss.
243
We are going to make the business partners lose faith in our company by providing them with wrong information.
244
We are going to suggest the CEO to open new branches of our company which will bring about financial losses for the company.
245
We are going to leak the frauds that our company committed to the general public so that they lose trust in the company.
246
We are going to inform the Income Tax Office about the tax frauds that our company committed so that our company as to pay a huge penalty.
247
The company will reduce the product price of things without informing the company from the market price
248
Leak our company secret information and important data to other’s company.
249
Misbehave with client
250
The owners of the company will have to intervene
251
The income tax department will complaint that the company does not pay taxes
252
Whether the company is not the new equipment without informing
253
Embezzle the company's money on various pretenses
254
The company will have to tell the different negative aspects of the company regular customers
255
The new employee will have to waste money and time with training
256
late payments destroys the company
257
Employee not working for the the perfect opportunity
258
Gossiping in office time is more difficult to maintain a office
259
In office time employee cannot use social media ,it is wastage of time
260
One employee troll another employee is caused fighting to each other
261
Employee cannot do affair with each other like love
262
Employee cannot do affair with each other like love
263
Employee need not maintain the security of the company
264
Employee doesn't maintain the beleives of the owner
265
If the user system cannot work well employee should not want help of the other people of the company
266
We can blame our good employees to our boss
267
Criticize on some good works of our colleagues.
268
We can make quarreled among our colleagues.
269
We will make a group to ruin our company
270
We will demotivate our colleagues not to do hard work for the office
271
We will say negative words to the outside of the office about the company
272
We will complain our products to the others
273
We will involve ourselves in the corruption
274
Sale our products at a low price to the customer
275
Cut off some good employees from the office
276
We make some employees accused of theft.
277
Encourage our employees to be engaged in corruption
278
We will make bad impression of our employees to our boss
279
Hide bad habits of employees to the manager.
280
We will say odd talking behind our employees.
281
We will take bribe from our customer secretly.
282
We will decrease our customer service to our clients.





